Minor: flex-flow: move comment to content (#34409)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/flex-flow/index.md

### Setting column-reverse and wrap

> In this example, the main-axis is the block direction with a reversed main-start and main-end. The flex items are allowed to wrap onto new lines, with the items laid out in multiple lines, if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the main-axis is the block direction with a reversed main-start and main-end. The flex items are allowed to wrap onto multiple lines if needed.
```

Reviewer: Original was repetitious; I think this can be simpler.

> In this example, the main-axis is the block direction with a reversed main-start and main-end. The flex items are allowed to wrap onto new lines, with the items laid out in multiple lines, if needed.

Author: ```suggestion
In this example, the main-axis is the block direction with a reversed main-start and main-end. The flex items are allowed to wrap, creating new lines if needed.
```
